Current Landscape without serverless and its challenges:
	
	Nothing


Benefits:
	Its development centric building mcroservices in declarative format like AWS SAM or CF using serverless 
	Primarily acts as Microservices (a wrapper) on prominent Cloud server-less services with focus on development.
	Cross language Runtime support like node JS, Go lang and python.
	Multi Cloud capability / itegration like AWS,GCP with yaml templates. like Terraform
		i.e serverless = Terraform + CF or SAM with focus on Development
	
	Controls acces by Roles , set deployment/Runtime policies using safeguard and can manage secrets like AWS SSM parameter stores.
	Serverless dashboad has grids/charts to track the API request/response/stack trace/errors like AWS Xray / Monitoring
	Vendor Agnostic
	Realt time alterts/Notifications first 1 million invocation is free and pay as you go
	Local emulation
	Plugin architecture and serverless plugin grows with serverless
	Scalable as per website

  
Components to be considered in serverless:
	Node.js version 6 and above installation	
	Install serverless using node pack manager (npm install -g serverless)
	Setup AWS account
	Configure serverless using AWS server access key and secret access key ( 	  serverless config credentials --provider aws --key AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE --secret wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY )

	Add necessary plugins
	Configure serverless.yaml per project (Usually 6 functions per yml file)
	function runtime handler for develop code

	Dashboard
	- To see API Calls/stack trace/errors 
	- To CI/CD
	- To stage / 

Alternatives / options to implement Serverless:
	serverless = Terraform + CF or SAM

Current Challenges of Serverless & beyond Serverless:
	Serverless Cloud currently supports JavaScript and TypeScript.

	Serverless Cloud is backed by bleeding edge services running on the world’s largest and most trusted Cloud Service Providers. Applications on Serverless Cloud can dynamically scale to meet the compute and bandwidth requirements of most applications right out of the box. For applications that require more than 2,000 requests/second, please contact Sales.

	Limited documentations and online support to find solutions i.e not extensive as AWS
	Is serverless open source for exploration as the cost is known only by sales. https://www.serverless.com/cloud-faq
	Unit testing is possible with Mocking API functionality using AWS SDK (as per 2019 version)
	No Automated testing by itself, but continuous integration is possible.
	In general its an additional layer outside of AWS and hence adaptability to Product evolution would be a risk
	Less visibility / steps on interacting with Cloud Containeriztion services



